Title: "The Foot Block"
Video transcript: "Hey what is up everybody Preston here
with how to round that stuff for you
today
we got specialist Ryan vulajin ah
scenario and come bone cotone anyway
anyway we are doing the foot block today
okay this is the expert this is the guy
who brought it into you know mainstream
spikeball slash round net as you see it
today real quick take a pair you're
supposed to be here
but things didn't work out so we had to
film two different videos separate
timing we weren't aware that we were
gonna film another wall both them first
time long story short we got two takes
we're gonna mush them together for you
today we are showing you the Kahoot the
kaput or the foot block whatever you
want to call it whatever you want to
call it up to you it's up to you
honestly disclaimer before I throw it
over to Jacob do not well do whatever
you want but probably don't use this
technique when someone is hitting
directly over the a you'll probably lose
the point cuz you're in their way B you
might hurt their hand might hurt the
wrist maybe they punch you in place you
don't wanna be punched Ryan take it away
see you in a second alright what's up
guys so first thing you want to know
about foot block is where do they hit it
the ball on your foot so this is my
sweet spot right here is the inside of
your foot because when you're
positioning yourself across from the
other person you can swing through the
ball and you have this entire net to
work with you're gonna move your foot up
and down the net Hey look and hit it on
that part of your foot you want to
position yourself like so knees a little
bit bent not too bent like low but just
nothing just low enough you want to have
your foot right in the middle just a
little bit off the net so that you're
not blocking the net and you're not
going to get your toesies caught in the
net so you're gonna have your foot up
like so not loosey-goosey not like a
stick right in the middle you want to
have the ball hit this sweet spot of
your foot that way it can hit the net
and bounce off clean and really quick so
just like so you're gonna have your knee
bent gonna have your foot nice right in
the middle not too high not too low the
ball is going to come in on the side off
the net
it's gonna bounce you're gonna hit the
sweet spot oh so sweet so sweet so sweet
it's gonna bounce off and kick on and
off real quick that way you get the
points super quick you look freaking
cool alright so now you guys know where
to hit the ball on your foot we're going
to talk about this new look well being
hunted it is it falcon up bad wits next
target get down get down
we're in the wild now folks I know it
seems like prey Santa Barbara but these
are the jungles anyway we've gotta be
sneaky
from here on all right all right back to
the video just be real quiet like a cat
okay next thing but get Preston to come
over here is I'm going to talk about a
couple scenarios of when and when to not
foot block so if there's a set over the
net Preston's gonna be in a good hitting
position
I really have nowhere to put my foot
that's not gonna be a danger to him and
me so you really don't want to be doing
that when there's said over the net
prime time when there's a set about a
foot off the net so he's standing there
he only has one way to go so that that
increases my chances a lot so I'm gonna
come in he if he's hitting with his left
hand like so I'm gonna try and guess to
where he's hit it where he wants to hit
the ball so normally people are gonna
shoot for that front pocket right there
so I kind of had to have my foot taking
the space over the net so that way I can
cut try and get a good bounce here so
I'm also what I'm also doing when I'm
going for this foot block is reading the
set for when there's a high set and he's
swinging on the ball up closer to his
shoulders or his hips in this area here
I want to match that trajectory with my
foot still thinking he's gonna aim for
that front pocket I'm gonna switch move
my foot in here but I'm gonna be at a
higher angle smaller chance but it's
better than nothing again this is
probably not the best tactic to take
when you're playing defense but if
you're out of position why the heck not
okay give the give the Kazu the try the
Kabuto try give the foot pocket try
whatever you want to call it it's up to
you you want to call it okay that's all
we got for you today Preston out take
them out that's all we got for you today
Thank You Ryan for being here make sure
to like share subscribe like share
subscribe always oh wait
that's all we got pressing out"

Give notes based about the technique in this video, in markdown format.

